I know I have been really bad at updating. Things have been an absolute disaster. Not only are my peptic ulcers back in full force, and oozing/bleeding again, but I need another surgery for my ankle AND my SI Joint.. postponing for as long as I can right now.. Spring Break was supposed to be Spring Catchup for me, but it turned into this ongoing crapfest saga of my oldest son's last two weeks. 

I did complete last week's assignment and upload it some days ago. kI know, not helpful if I don't let anyone know, heh. I am going to be starting this next week's today, well, going through the resources, so hopefully it can also be in on time. I am still also aiming to get all the rest of the missed ones in. Some I did turn in, but also did not inform you. I will work on this, too. Sigh...


	--- OPTIONAL RANTING EXPLANATION --- 

Ryan is autistic and has the same rare genetic connective tissue disease I have, but also gave to my youngest two boys as well.. 

Wed, Mar 15: Astrid (Ryan's emotional support everything cat, completely attached, codependent and can't live without each other) starts getting sick.
Thu, Mar 16: Astrid is now seriously ill, is diagnosed with terminal cancer and given 2-3 months to live. My household shatters into a thousand pieces. (Astrid is ACTUALLY my youngest autistic son's cat but when we became homeless 4 years ago, her and Ryan needed each other.. kid was 12, cat was 3..)
Weekend: His expensive headphones, that he cannot live without and uses to block out the sensory overload, get broken and I loan him my school set, meaning I can't do school well because I can't focus (autism/ADHD), until he gets a replacement, then he returned the replacement and got a new one because he didn't like those.
Mon, Mar 20: He dislocates his kneecap, spends an hour lying on the freezing basketball court at 9pm, eventually takes an ambulance to the hospital for xrays and a relocation. He has subluxated/dislocated his kneecap at least a dozen other times, but usually we slide it back in right away; this one was unfortunately much worse.
Wed, Mar 22: Ryan starts getting bad fevers and puking quite a lot. Enough to scare the shit out of middle kid and make us call the hospital to make sure he didn't have an infection or something. Ok, I was scared, too. :(
Thu, Mar 23: Ryan turns 16, but is too sick to care about gifts or his annual chicken tacos/ice cream cake, so we postpone and he just lays there feeling like shit for the next couple days.
Sun, Mar 26: We had already been helping him get to the bathroom and on/off beds/couches with the help of my walker, but now he needs his parents to help shower him for his appointment the next day.
Mon, Mar 27: He gets xrays, an order for PT, order for an MRI and finds out he very likely needs patella stabilizing surgery.
Thu, Mar 30: Starts PT, the first of MANY sessions, and finds out he has to go twice a week, but also how weak his leg has gotten. His MRI is right after his session.
Mon, Apr 3: Second PT session, I get MRI results and surgery is recommended, but he is also making huge gains in PT already which helps him feel a bit better. After his orthodontist appointment the same day, he finally gets to go out and swing after exactly two weeks; he normally swings for at least an hour at a time and at least three times a day (we homeschool). Before PT, the vet called and said that Astrid's lymphocytes are back to normal (so maybe not cancer at all) and that her white blood cell count is down by half, but that the steroids are just a bandaid and we still don't know what's wrong so xrays on Friday for another $250 (we've already spent a grand in the last month on vet shit.. there goes the tax return cushion.. ugh)..

That is just what is going on with my oldest, nothing about the other two, nothing about my multiple medical appointments a week or the stupid drama from next door and how I often end up giving and giving and giving and then completely taken advantage of and am so far in that I can't pull myself out or defend myself because even though it's deteriorating like crazy she still actually needs help and I just suck.. ugh.. 

I'm so sorry.. apparently I really needed to rant.. I also really need to make another therapy appointment with the VA but I've not had the time for any of it.. I'm so.. exhausted..

