	WEEK 14 CHECK-IN
	02 May 2023, 7:30am

So, tires are fixed, internet is still mostly crap (using my mobile hotspot most of the time), we now have 4 new kittens.. oi..

So I found this person who had 2 new litters of kittens, days apart, who were looking to get rid of all of them. So we went to check it out...

It was a very dark and dirty trailer. There was trash all over on the outside and no windows I could readily see.. we had to use our phone flashlights to try and see the kittens. When you walk in the door, there was dog (about 5 dogs), ferret (multiple), and cat feces (2 adults and about a dozen kittens left). One of the mama cats stopped feeding her litter, the other was attempting to make up for it, so half of them looked much younger than the other half and there was no other source of food for them.. :(

My youngest boy chose one runty little kitten whose face is color-split down the middle and one eye closed halfway shut from gunk. We brought her home and immediately cut her nails, bathed her (the water was completely black), and then used about 20 cotton swabs to clean out her ears (again, all black with gunk). We also kept doing warm compresses on her eye. She was super food insecure and has now attached herself to our other cat (another rescued cat from a terrible druggy situation a few months back--she's about 10 months old now), continuously rooting in her chest and belly trying to find milk. :(

We have now had her a week and a half and she is doing absolutely amazing and the sweetest thing ever. No more eye issues, no more food insecurity. She loves to curl on your shoulder to take a nap.. yeah, she's tiny. 

Buuutttt.... I just couldn't stop thinking about the rest of the kittens and it was killing me.. so we went back and got the rest a few days later. Well, there were 3 more not spoken for by that time. So.. now we have FOUR new kittens.. they were even more food insecure than the first one. :( Our fluffy kitty who adopted the first one and has since adopted the other 3. 

Never a dull moment around here, I suppose.. oof...
